Breaking Barriers conference call.  April 30, 2016  10am – 12pm. 

On call: Elizabeth, Rebecca, Ron, Maureen, James, Rick, Sheri, Amanda

Notes taken by: James Wogan woganj@mdusd.org

Registration status:  

Day 1:  150 Registered. 
Day 2:  120 -  More than anticipated for Day 2.  

There is a GREAT DEAL of interest in CALI! 

11 Counties:  
SF
Solano 
Contra Costa
San Mateo
Ventura
San Bernardino
Placer 
Butte
Shasta
Napa
Fresno

•	Elizabeth sent out registration list.  
•	8 Foundations are attending. 
•	Partnership Organizations – Patrick Gardner Org. will be there. 
•	Providers: Seneca, Exec. Dir. From SF is coming.

Didn’t get reg for Linn Lorber – political players.
Christina from Sen. Pan’s office will attend. 

3 Possible political people will be there:  L. Lorber, Tonya Lieberman, Paula Velasquez. 

We could have reached out to Tony Thurman, others, but didn’t intentionally. 
Rick and others were concerned about involving politicians early in the symposium.  

One of the issues:  Agency CEOs and Lobbyists (R.) - are sharing one perspective, and have politicians ear, but we have chance to share a bigger picture.   

Rick – concern that politicians in the room will move the conversation toward “What’s the legislative fix?” and possibly side track the agenda. 

Following symposium – policy subcommittee work on Legislation, and legislative fix.   We will involve elected officials, and political operatives, following symposium.  

Agencies that will attend: 
Seneca,  SF Mgr. 
Casa Pacifica, Ventura, Steve Elson. 
Carroll Schroeder, CA Alliance 
Anka Behavioral Health - Marty Giffin. 

Solano County team includes Partnership Health Plan Rep.   This is something that we would like to see in other counties.  HMO’s are sometimes left out of the conversation regarding interagency work.  

Dianna Glick – Judicial Council – will distribute information to JC, after the symposium. 

 

Roundtables:
Nine (9) Confirmed Roundtables: 

See the summary that Rebecca Ross sent 3/30/16 at 9:34am. 

Amanda needs confirmation of names for each table: 
Rebecca reviewed each table, typing quickly here so forgive typos, spelling etc. 



1)	Early Intervention/SART Integrated Programs/CARE
2)	K-12 – SB MH: Lisa Miller, Jane Holts. 
3)	MTSS  - Rick, Corrinne Foley, Mike Lombardo, and possibly San Mateo COE. 
Not sure that Placer calls it MTSS.  
4)	Incarcerated Youth: Placer County did PBIS in Juv. Hall.   Matt Cervantes – Sierra Health is overseeing Youth Justice Initiative:   Contra Costa is developing programs in response to Matt knows everything about what’s going on Statewide.  Said SF is doing a great job.  LA, Jim Andersomn and Troy Fennel are coming.  Santa Cruz – Anne Casey Diversion program.  San Diego, SF, Alameda, Butte – all doing good work.  Looking for Progressive Counties – Santa Cruz – not much IN Juv. Hall.   SF has strong diversion program.   Alternatives to detention is not an “incarcerated youth” table.   Rebecca and Judge Mahoney – will provide overview of what different counties are doing.    Placer can give overview of where they are, and where would like to be.   Fewer kids in detention in many counties.   Rick will reach out to Placer – already have many from Placer County Coming.  Nancy Huntsley – on Reg. List.  
5)	Data Sharing – Elizabeth w/ Clair 
6)	Funding Streams - Reed
7)	Foster Youth – James presentation, and facilitation. 
8)	Trauma Informed Care – UCSF, Morina, BB
9)	Cultural Competence – Mildred, Connie   Need to confirm the name of the table.  

In addition, possibly – three more RTs, see below

10) Transition Age Youth:  TAY
Ryan Balock, Maryam Adalat and Derek Wang, possibly Dr. Amon Porter, CSUEB. 

11) CSEC – Judge Lee – 
Sylvia is on CSEC Committee – 
Leslie Heimloff. –  
If looking for people to facilitate CSEC discussion:  Neely McElroy, Division Manager, Contra Costa CFS and Maryam Adalat, MSW, PPSC.  
Neely leads the contra Costa CSEC and Human Trafficking Committee.  
Maryam led San Mateo Child Welfare CSEC Committee, and, is leading efforts in Mt. Diablo Unified.  


12) Collaborative Courts Model

Katie Albright – is coming – IMTSS table – talking about Parent work that they are doing.  Can connect her with Janae – how integrated Child Abuse Prevention Council – SF.  How integrated is it with schools?   Invite her as participant / expert observer. 

Connecting the Dots
Rick – how are we going to connect across tables?  Ron and Sheri are going to facilitate inter-table coordination. 

Seating – let people sit with friends early on.

Agenda / Sequence of Events:  
Each table will have a label. 
Agenda for the day does not have times on it.  
Don’t put times on agenda? 

Special Ed Commission will be there on Day 1 – Taking break from Commission to attend in the AM on Day 1.  Matt Navo, Swanger USD, and Mildred Browne, will stay all day. 

E., Rick, Sylvia, and Reed, wrote letter to foundations, summarized BB and asked them to be partners.  Foundations will receive invitation to small funder meeting – Rick and Reed will run.  4/21 at 4:30pm.  This will be a small convening of Foundation people.   Eliz. will send out a copy of the letter that went out to foundations.  

Several foundations asking for letters of intent, due on 4/22.  Reed will be stepping out to finalize.   

Survey / Data Collection: Participants. 
County Summaries:  We asked each county was to send summary of integration team including names, and what they hope to gather and learn at symposium.  
Will be helpful to know who is at the symposium, areas of expertise, and current initiatives.   Elizabeth will send James and Rick the questions that went out to each county.   To whom from Contra Costa did this go? 

Sheri, Ron, Rick, Eliz. James – talked last week about surveying room, live, during Day 1:  Might use “Phone Poll” live in room.   We want to know:  - people’s areas of expertise, initiatives that they are already working on, and self-assessment of their own agency and where, w/ integrated work, they need to grow.  We can do quick phone polls.    

James and Rick working on 10 questions for participants that we will send out by tomorrow, 4/1/16.   Ron and Marina – working on “Readiness to Change.”  James and Rick will send Questions to incorporate w/ Readiness to Change Q’s.   We don’t want to inundate people with Q’s.     Ron is taking the lead, drafting, will take input Q’s from James and Rick, and send out draft.

Discussed Pre-Symposium survey vs. live survey, at the event, Q’s: 

Ron:  Example: To what extent do you believe that the social emotional needs of children are being met in your community?  1-100.     5 x 7 card in the morning.  Then ask the same Q again at the end of the day.   
Measure if we move the needle on perception of barriers. 

Post-Symposium evaluation will go out.    Working to finalize Q’s for symposium evaluation.    Ron is taking lead on the symposium evaluation questions – if you have suggestions, please send to Ron. 


Information Hub 
People are interested in Centralized Hub of information.   Model program mapping.  
BB plans to build it.  Who is doing what, where. 
 
Panel:   Should the panel be the Facilitator or the Lead from each Roundtable?   Need to be strategic.     People who have solutions.   Recommended panel be just the lead from each table.   The lead will know who is in audience, and who from BB committee has expertise in various areas.  

Logistics:
How many Microphones?   APprox 5:  2 for audience. 
Easels: 12   One Large Pad and One Small Table-top Easel for every RT.  


Elizabeth will go to office depot.  At least two normal size Easels.  
4 back up chart tablets.   6 Big Pads of Paper.   
Giant Post-It; Stickies.   

Send list of supplies needed.  
If you want some help with the shopping, let me know (JCW). 

End of Symposium

Elizabeth will do wrap up at Symposium. 




Post-Symposium Planning 
BB needs Org structure for follow up.
Possible follow up committees: 

- Policy
- Statewide Program Implementation
- Creating centralized hub of information. 
- Technical Assistance / Support from BB
- Regional Convening 
- Other?   What workgroups / subcommittees / activities need to take place following the symposium?   

For follow up support:  Foundations will fund consultant who can provide follow up / expertise to counties.  Ron:  Is Facilitation / Consultation the best way to support counties?   Is this the model that we will carry forward?  Is facilitation and consultation the best model for this? 

Foundations may be interested in funding consultant, or Rick said, a demonstration project.  Bringing it to scale.     Discussed the work of Alignment USA – Corp. Business Model Strategies.   Alignment USA – is supporting other programs in Cali4nia.  Valley Visions is a consultation agency in Sac. and San B. or Imperial Valley (Maureen mentioned).


Dave Neilson – Others who can help to scale this work.  Who from BB can offer consultation?  Areas of expertise?  

Counties will be looking to BB for consultation and support.   8 counties want support.  Funders will ask – what’s your plan.   People love the vision of the whole continuum.  

We need to map out who from BB can be consultants, and support other counties. 
Elizabeth will follow up on this.   James will help with mapping.  Send me your areas of expertise, and the areas in which you can support counties.  
 


Name	Areas of Expertise / Available for consultation and facilitation 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

Dinner on Wed. night? 

Ron is arriving on Wed.  4/20
Sheri  - also Wed. 4/20. 
Maureen Wed.   4/20.

Citizen Hotel has a good restaurant.  

Eliz.  is presenting with Align USA at CMHACY Conference, May 2016, Asilomar. 

Press / Publications will be attending symposium – Chronicle has asked for Press Release.  Lois Cazakoff, is following this journey.     We plan to provide post-symposium summary.  

Budget:   

Video:    Do we want to film the event?  Discussed filming the presentations.  vs. filming the conversations.   It would be helpful to have a summary video that captures the event, and describes the purpose of BB,  purpose of symposium, and where we are going.    It might make people uncomfortable to film small group conversations.     Photos would be helpful. Yes, we agree that it would be helpful to have someone on hand to film certain parts of Sym., and take photos.   Is there a budget for this?  Would you like help finding someone?   
Do we need a release form to use video or photos for promotional purposes?  I’ll ask a lawyer.  

Note:  We need to finalize presentation materials.  James and Rick are working on slides / either Powerpoint or “Prezi.”    We are speaking today at 3:30pm.  Will send out for review. 


Ron – another great quote from today’s meeting:  “It’s like making sausage - the outcome can be nicer to see than the process.” 

THANK YOU EVERYONE!





