Hi All,

Sending a summary of information for each committee. 

Thanks!  We are definitely in the throes of pulling this all together and I sincerely appreciate your assistance!  I was thinking last night of our first meeting in November about a year and a half ago.  Crazy how this has evolved so far, and I'm thrilled to be on this ride with you all.

Agenda Day 1/2 - Ron, Rick, Sheri

Ron and Sheri are mainly developing this.  Rick, if you want to join, we have a call tomorrow morning at 9:30 to discuss this.  I will send time and contact info.  

My main questions are how we are involving the foundations and what time the cocktail hour should be.  Both critical.  We run 9-4 Day 1 with not everyone staying Day 2.  Can cocktails start at 5:30 or will that be awkward for those not staying?

Round Table Planning and Execution - James, Rebecca, Mildred (Ron is conceptualizing this)

This is a massive task and we are getting there, but tons of follow up necessary.  You will note below that some are more built out than others.  The committee can work with Ron and other table heads to make sure we know what we need for the day. 
Also, we do not have heads for trauma informed care and transition yet.  We need to find them.  Mildred and I are addressing the trauma one.  We need someone to head the transition one.  I do know a professor in transition and was going to reach out to him.

Round tables we have conceptualized and who is running them thus far is as follows:

1.    Early Intervention/SART Integrated Programs - This will be run by San Bernardino.


2.    K-12 School Based Mental Health Integrated Services - This will be run by San Bernardino.

Will include school based integrated programming from 0-22, including DBH, Education, SS, Police.  Earliest of DIS through crisis intervention.

3.    I-MTSS - Placer will be running this.

4.    Incarcerated Youth - Rebecca supervising this.  Judge Mahoney happy to assist.  I think presenting some of the most intensive integrated programs for children in halls and camps would be good.  In addition, looking at community support for their families and diversion, restorative justice practices would be good.

5.    Data Sharing - I am working on this and will circle back.

6.    Funding streams for integrated programming - Reed is going to head this.

7.    Foster Youth - James is heading this.  I think Katie Albright would be willing to assist, or someone from her community center.

8.    Trauma Informed Care - We are working on someone from SF heading this.

9.    Cultural Competence - Mildred, should we add this? Want to run it?

10.    Transition Age Youth - We just came up with this as Butte is bringing an interagency team concentrating on this.  Darrell Steinberg is also concentrating on it.  I don't know who would run it.  We could ask Rusty Gordon, but I think they are attending to learn more than anything; I will ask him.  I can also ask Rusty Selix (who is coming) if someone from Darrell's organization would be interested.  

County Interface and Prep - Rick, Maureen and Mildred

Ron knows agenda for Day 1/2 so is probably best person to discuss what they need before they walk through the door.

Our county attendees are as follows with a bit of information on their focus and where we are:

San Francisco - Mildred main interface - Concentration is MTSS/0-5.  They have started interagency convenings and are very organized themselves.

Ventura - Rick and Steve Elson main interface - Concentration is CCR.  This requires follow through with Barry from SS as to where they are before Symposium. 

Shasta - Conde and I are main interface.  They are just beginning planning and excited to bring a team. - Concentration is CCR.  Conde can answer any questions about where they are.  They are very excited about the opportunity and the work which is great - and a change for them from a year ago.

Butte - Day 1 only - Rusty Gordon and I interface. - They are bringing TAY interagency team.

San Mateo - Rick should be involved here because of Paul Sorbo - SBMHS is their focus.  They have a county SBMHS supervisor who is concentrating on SBMHS in 27 school districts.  She was hired by bond and is supporting education AND behavioral health collaborative.  They want us to help them build it out and consult with them.   This deserves a discussion before they come about where they are and where they are headed.  Rebecca has worked in this county forever, so has a TON of information.

Fresno - Maureen is interface.  I know they are doing a TON of integration, but am not clear on their involvement in Symposium or long term with BB. Maureen is working on that.  We do have a foundation interested in further building this out.

Placer - Maureen and Rick are interface.  Again, I know they are doing a TON, but am not clear on their involvement in Symposium or long term with BB.  Maureen and Rick are working on that.

Contra Costa - Mildred is interface.  Mt. Diablo is coming Day 2 and Mildred will be flushing out concentration with DBH.  Martinez and West Co Co also have representatives coming Day 1.

San Bernardino - Ron is interface.  Again unsure as to long term involvement with BB though I know they are doing a ton of integration work.  

Solano - Sam and Ron are interface.  - Concentration 0-5.  They have started interagency convenings.

Other Day 1 possibilities ...

LA - I think we just need to invite some people regarding data sharing maybe. Any input appreciated.  I am going to reach out to Judge Nash too.

SD - I think they are out at this point, though they did say (Maureen) that data sharing is their "thing."  I will check into it.

Alameda - Reed is following up, but I do not think they are coming this time.

Sacramento - Reached out to Dave Gordon and sent documents but never heard.  I know they are involved with Align USA and early intervention project in 7 districts (or counties?) in the area.  I sent documents related to that.  I will not send more to Dave.  Others can follow up if they wish.  Matt Cervantes from Sierra Health, which Dave is on board of, is attending.

Santa Clara - Rebecca is interface and she can fill people in, but I don't think they are attending Day 1.


Research and Publication - Rebecca, Ron, James

I have sent everything I have regarding this, including: white paper from Packard as template for BB publication on our effort in a year; instruments from Marina for research at Symposium and summary of what we want to draw down; white paper examples from Johnson Foundation (who will be supporting our publication) as examples for what she liked and thinks would be powerful.  I think that's it.  


Foundation Interface - Reed and Elizabeth

We have between 8-10 foundations coming.  Reed and I are still working on confirming attendance.  We will work on planning foundation interface once they show up.  Reed and Rick can be their escorts - and maybe Sylvia wants to help us. ;-)

I think that's it.  

Please just write with any questions.  These different components clearly need to come together in the next couple weeks.

I am also suggesting a call/meeting the first week in April to update the advisory - and will email them dates.  This can be by phone for those who need.

Thanks!  






-- 
